Minor text corrections GAT Tutorial (#2297)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/ansible/tutorial.md

>
> 9. This is a complete role by itself and will copy the file `test.txt` from the `roles/my-role/files/` folder over to the target host and place it in `/tmp`.
>

> > 10. Create and open `playbook.yml` file for editing in the root folder. Place the following content in there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 10. Create and open `playbook.yml` file for editing in the `intro` directory you created. Place the following content in there:
```
